hi moshi monster fans moshi monster
friends I just wanted to show you a
quick clip of my first triple pack of
Moshe mashup cards since the triple pack
it comes natural card and that is Doctor
Strange glove and it shows how to play
and i'll show you that on my channel my
I'll make another video how to play but
first let's look at my first path I've
got a map piece number are eight
lovely rocky lumpy mo Yuki general for
Zuki agony aunt and Lady me out for it
that's my first bag now let's go on to
the second Pappy's are nine cutie pie
lefty
go fighters this stash Lisa Newser TP
squid squid and Callie that's my second
pack of multi master cards let's go on
to the third map is our three Nick nut
nutley mechanically walled up we've all
Knievel Evel Knievel warp coolio Tiki a
shiny Tiki last slide chance so that's
my first pack of motion mass cards
thanks for watching